Many systems design questions are intentionally left very vague and are literally given in the form of `Design Foobar`. It's our job to ask clarifying questions to better understand the system that we have to build.
I give an example of some of questions i would ask if i asked to design the  StackOverflow website.

1.  Are we designing all the system StackOverflow
or  a part of it ?

The core user flow includes:

a- Home page, 
b - Search Text Based (maybe Elasticsearch fits)
c - List of questions,
d - Response to questions,
e - Mark answears as complete/positive or negative.

2. StackOverflow seems like a system of 
criticality but not like a hospital system or an airoplane system 
so the availability is important; Are we okay
with 3 to 4 nines availability ?
We can use multiple  Loadbalancers. They should be configured in such a way that they can handle the sessions. Maybe by sending the same ip to the same backend every time. Or store them inside a database, or some shared memory.

3. How many customer should we be building his for ?
Global scale, to some countries or to one country?

Stackoverlfow will have global scale with 100.000  thousands to 1 or 2 million 
users. Everyday around 1/3 will uses it.
Top users come from USA and Asia.

4. Do changes happend often ?

Every couple of months with reflexion of changes within an hour maximum globaly

5. How much of the searching speed, questions ranking and the position of the search should we focus on?
Correct spelling, then Speed then the clean position of search bar are the most important.
ranking of the questions is but do not so much, by text relevance is OK.

6. While latency seem important but  the data capacity seems quite huge.
a. Are we OK storing all the questions on data centers or we clean them ?
b. We can use distributed datacenters based on the most users  location?

a. It is okay to keep all the questions unless some have negative feedback
more than 3 points or is dublicated. So we expect to keep the most of the questions 
on the datacenters.
b. Yes distribute the most of them to USA then to Asia then to EU.
